# python-exercises
age.py takes a users name, age and current year as inputs, and prints a message telling the user the year in which they will turn 100
fact.py computes the factorial of an input value. The user specifies whether they are entering an int or a float, if an int is entered the factorial is calculated recursively and returned, if a float is entered as x then the gamma function of x+1 is approximated and returned as the factorial.
divcheck.py takes two integer inputs and computes input 1 modulo input 2. If the modulus is zero the program returns a message telling the user that input 1 is divisible by input 2 (in the case that input 2 = 2 the message is input 1 is even) and otherwise returns a message that input 1 is not divisible by input 2.
str_manip.py takes an input string of odd length greater than 7 characters, and prints the middle three characters of the string as well as the entire string with the middle three characters in upper case.
Rock-paper-scissors.py takes a player's name (single player) or two players' names (two player) and choices of move, and determines the winner using a dictionary.
iteration.py runs a while loop for five iterations, each iteration takes a user input name and prints [name] is awesome!
gradecalc.py calculates a percentage mark out of 100 based on input assessment scores, and returns this percentage along with a grade from A-D or a failure to pass message.
list.py takes a list of numbers as input, as well as a bound to search for numbers less than, and prints a new list consisting of values from the input list less than the bound.
fizzbuzz.py iterates over the integers from 1-50 and prints fizz if the number has 3 as a factor, buzz if the number has 5 as a factor, fizzbuzz if the number has both 3 and 5 as factors, and the number if it has neither 3 nor 5 as factors.
even.py uses list comprehension to iterate over a list and print a new list containing the even elements of the given list. dice.py is a module containing a method diceroll which generates a random number between 1 and 6. diceroll.py imports the dice module and calls the diceroll method twice to generate two random numbers. console.py functions as a very basic python console, allowing the user to input single-line commands to be executed.
